README.md, before:

# OvertoneDB

 Program to supply information about the overtones of musical notes

## Installing
Download and install python [here](https://www.python.org/downloads/)

## Setup

1. Clone the repo
```sh
git clone https://github.com/j-weatherwax/OvertoneDB.git
cd OvertoneDB
```
2. Running the project
```python
python main.py [Reference Notes] [flag] [Notes to Check]
```
If you want to change the overtone database, delete notes.db before modifying createDB.py.

3. All Command Line Arguments

|Argument Command|Example Usage|Description|
|----|----|----|
|-h, --help|main.py -h|Shows help message and usage information|
|-l, --list-overtones|main.py C1 -l|Lists the overtones for the given notes|
|-c, --check-overtones|main.py C1 -c C4 D2 G5|Checks if any of the notes after -c are overtones of the notes before the flag|
|-s, --share-overtones|main.py C1 -s C4 D2 G5|Checks if any of the notes after -s share overtones with the notes before the flag|

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details

Commit message:

user prompt for createDB.py
User can now determine the number of overtones written to the database for each note

README.md, after:

# OvertoneDB

 Program to supply information about the overtones of musical notes

## Installing
Download and install python [here](https://www.python.org/downloads/)

## Setup

1. Clone the repo
```sh
git clone https://github.com/j-weatherwax/OvertoneDB.git
cd OvertoneDB
```
2. Running the project
Use createDB.py to generate the database.  User is prompted for the amount of overtones written per note.

```python
main.py [Reference Notes] [flag] [Notes to Check]
```

3. All Command Line Arguments

|Argument Command|Example Usage|Description|
|----|----|----|
|-h, --help|main.py -h|Shows help message and usage information|
|-l, --list-overtones|main.py C1 -l|Lists the overtones for the given notes|
|-c, --check-overtones|main.py C1 -c C4 D2 G5|Checks if any of the notes after -c are overtones of the notes before the flag|
|-s, --share-overtones|main.py C1 -s C4 D2 G5|Checks if any of the notes after -s share overtones with the notes before the flag|

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details
